"If you were an inanimate object, you'd be a participation trophy."
"You're not the dumbest person on the planet, but you sure better hope he doesn't die."
"I'll plant a mango tree in your mother's cunt and fuck your sister in its shade."
"You have more dick in your personality than you do in your pants"
"You're kinda like Rapunzel except instead of letting down your hair you let down everyone in your life"
"God wasted a good asshole when he put teeth in your mouth"
"You are like the end piece of bread in a loaf, everyone touches you but no one wants you."
"Your mother fucks for bricks so she can build your sister a whore house."
"you are dumber than a block of wood and not nearly as useful."
"Thot be gone"
"Were you born a cunt, or is it something you have to recommit yourself to every morning?"
"You were birthed out your mothers ass because her cunt was too busy"
"I woulda been your daddy, But a dog beat me over the fence."
"Does your ass ever get jealous of the shit that comes out of your mouth?"
"For some reason I've always liked I hope you die shitting."
"Such a shame your mother didn't swallow you."
"Take my lowest priority and put yourself beneath it. "
"You're so stupid you couldn't pour piss out of a boot if the directions were written on the heel."
"Words can't describe your *beauty*..., but numbers can  - 2/10"
"The best part of you ran down your mom's leg. "
"Hellen Keller with a shotgun would be a more useful teammate than you."
"I bet you swim with a t-shirt on."
"I hope you wear your cum filled socks to work"
"If you where any stupider we'd have to water you"
"you're objectively unattractive. "
"You're a towel. "
"You look like an open autopsy "
"I envy people who have never met you."
"You should put a condom on your head, because if you're going to act like a dick you better dress like one too."
"Maybe if you eat all that makeup you will be beautiful on the inside."
"If I wanna hear from your mouth again, I'll just rattle my zipper."
"May the fleas of a thousand camels infest your armpits "
"May bleeding sores distress you, may corns grow on your feet, may crabs as big as horse flies, crawl on your balls and eat,"
"Don't let that extra chromosome bring you down."
"you have a face made for radio"
"How the fuck are you the sperm that won? "
"You need to go up to your daddy, get on your knees and apologize to each and every brother and sister that didn't make it to your mother's egg before you"
"May your balls turn square and fester at the corners"
"I hope your wife brings a date to your funeral"
"Go eat another stick of butter you bitch"
"Your mother may have told you that you could be anything you wanted, but a douchebag wasn't what she meant. "
"You are so ugly that when you were born, the Doctors slapped your Mother. "
"Your bloodlines are weak and you won't survive the winter."
"If you were a potato you'd be a stupid potato."
"If I wanted to commit suicide I'd climb to your ego and jump to your IQ."
"The IQ test only goes down to zero but you make a really compelling case for negative numbers"
"Ready to fail like your dad's condom? "
"People don't even pity you. "
"You might want to get a colonoscopy for all that butthurt"
"You look like two pounds of shit in a one pound bag"
"A face like a bag of smashed assholes."
"If your waiting for your come back, its on your mums chin"
"The only difference between you and Hitler, is Hitler knew when to kill himself."
"I'd call you a cunt, but you have neither the warmth or the depth."
"You make me wish I had more middle fingers."
"You are impossible to underestimate."
"You are so lazy, you are going to marry a pregnant woman."
"Why are you playing so hard to get when you're already hard to want"
"You're a complete tool but not half as useful"
"If you were any more inbred you'd be a sandwich"
"The only way for you to get laid is to crawl up a chicken's ass and wait"
"I would unplug your life support to charge my phone."
"You're as dumb as a mule and twice as ugly. If a strange man offers you a ride, I say take it."
"Two wrongs don't make a right, look at your parents "
"May you inherit a house with a thousand rooms and be found dead in every one of them."
"I'd rather shit in my hands and clap"
"you stand pretty straight for someone without a backbone"
"you overdeveloped cumshot."
"I would ask you what your problem is, but you probably can't pronounce it"
"I hope you come down with something they can't diagnose, but have the cure for"
"You look like the kind of guy that would suck dick for bus money and then walk home. "
"it must have been a sad day for your parents when you slithered out of the abortion bucket "
"You're about as useful as Ann Frank's drum set."
"You don't have a family tree, you have a family cactus because they're all pricks."
"Build a bridge and go fuck yourself"
"I've taken sh*ts that I respect more than you."
"*sarcastically* You must be real proud of who you have become."
"I'd call you cancer, but at least cancer can get kills."
"You look like someone hit 'random' on the Skyrim character customization"
"Your dad should have stained the sheets instead of society. "
"You'll never be the man your mother is!"
"I'm not mad. I'm just disappointed."
"If brains were dynamite, yours couldn't blow your nose."
"You're going to miss everything cool and die angry."
"Your entire existence is an argument in favor of abortion."
"you're as useful as a screen door on a submarine"
"your birth certificate is an apology note from the condom factory "
"You could fuck a cheerio and not break it."
"I don't have the patience or the crayons to explain it to you (in response to a dumb question)"
"Your personality is as vibrant as highlighter grey "
"Are you that ugly or did your neck just throw up?"
"If I had a dog that looked like you I'd shave its butt and teach it to walk backwards."
"You're ugly and your mother dresses you funny."
"You dumb, stupid, weak, pathetic, white, white... uh-uhh... guilt... white-guilt, milquetoast... piece of human garbage"
"your mother should've swallowed you!"
"I do desire we may be better strangers. "
"I hope you outlive your children. "
"If you had as many dicks coming out of you as you let in, you'd look like a goddamn porcupine. "
"You are not being the person Mr. Rogers knew you could be."
"I hope you choke on all the shit you talk"
"I'd call you a cunt but you lack warmth and depth"
"Stupid idiot. "
"The better part of you ran down the crack of your mama's ass"
"You look like you smell like Lindsey Lohans fingertips. "
"You get worse everyday, and right now you're playing like next week"
"You suck more than a drunk prom queen"
"Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries"
"Were you taught to be this stupid or does it just come naturally to you?"
"Why you stuck up, half-witted, scruffy-looking nerf-herder!"
"Catapult-lover"
"I'd rather jerk off while doing a handstand. "
"You uncultured swine."
"I'm going to eviscerate you and use your gastro-intestinal tract as a condom, when I fornicate with your skull! "
"What?"
"I'M GONNA SKULL-FUCK YOU!"
"I'd engage with you in a battle of wit but I can see that you are unarmed!"
"Flaming Thunder-Cunt. It just feels so goo to say."
"Yer maw's git balls n yer da' loves it."
" hey man nice shirt  "
"Stop, I'm better than you"
"You're slower than a night in jail"
"Stale end piece of white bread. "
"I have neither the time nor the crayons to explain this to you."
"If you pulled your head out of your ass you'd have less shit coming out of your mouth."
"I bite my thumb at you"
"A knave; a rascal; an eater of broken meats; a.."
"You're not nearly attractive enough to be this dumb."
"I would rather watch the Star Wars Holiday special than spend time with you."
"You fat worthless fuck "
"You are the strongest case for late term abortion I have ever seen"
"You are a walking sperm"
"Oxygen thief"
"you could cut soft cheeses with your chin"
"Ass-hat"
"His teeth are so bad, he could eat an apple through a tennis racket."
"I'm sorry your parents didn't know how to use condoms."
"May the chocolate chips turn out to be raisins when you eat your cookies."
"I like you better the more I see you less. "
"if i wanted to hear an asshole talk, i would've farted."
"Everyone who ever loved you was wrong "
"Your words are as empty as your future."
"You're about as sharp as a marble, aren't you?"
"You are two letters short of an asset. "
"You couldn't pour water out of a boot if the instructions were on the heel."
"I'd agree with you but then we'd both be wrong"
"I hope your day is as pleasant as you are"
"'You are the Internet Explorer of people.'"
"You look like a before picture. "
"Oh honey, you're not pretty enough to be stupid."
"The only culture you possess is bacterial."
"You wouldn't know the difference between a headache and an idea."
"I've been called a lot worse by a lot better"
"To call you a half wit would be a compliment."
"I'll bet you're the reason for more than a couple warning labels."
"I'm sorry I mistook your competency."
"Pleased to meet you."
"Have you ever thought about donating all of your blood "
"Nobody likes you. People tolerate you."
"Do your neighbors file a noise complaint every time you breathe?"
"You couldn't win even if you had the high ground."
"I'd tell you to go to hell but I never want to see you again"
"I would insult you, but nature already did that."
"The wheel is spinning but the hamster is dead. "
"I want you to stop what you are doing and walk up to the next plant you see and sincerely apologize for wasting the oxygen it worked so hard to produce."
"You're definitely your sister's kid"
"You're the reason velcro shoes were invented."
"Bus wanker"
"Why... you... I oughtta.... "
"Dishonour on your cow"
"What a maroon!"
"You look like someone poured you into your clothes and forgot to say 'when'"
"Ye cock."
"Biting your thumb at people. "
"F*ck you and the horse you rode in on. "
"A person without wit, without money, without credit, and without manners."
"Well first of all, brush your teeth.."
"Dwight, you ignorant slut !"
"Nincompoop"
"You're right at the top of the bell curve."
"I am enclosing two tickets to the first night of my new play; bring a friend ... if you have one."
"You fight like a Dairy Farmer!"
"Make me"
"Sucker"
"dweeb"
"You're so stupid, you failed a blood test."
"numpty"
"You low, corrosive lump of fecal Horror!"
"You maniac bastardly Turd!"
"You're filth! You're Cack!"
"You're the ooze of a burst boil!"
"Your face is fouler than the unwiped inner ring of Satan's Rectum!"
"He’s like a shiver waiting for a spine to run up"
"Mouth breather. "
"Go play with the broom in your closet, heard it was getting lonely."
"Cottonheadedninnymuggins"
"Your Mother was a hamster, and your father smelt of elderberries!"
"You're probably 12 kid stfu"
"I have nothing but respect for you -- and not much of that - Groucho Marx"
"Thank you for your input. "
"I wish that for a moment you could stand in my shoes, then you'd know what a drag it is to see you "
"I take it you weren't burdened with an overabundance of schooling"
"If that's how you feel, then I can't trust your judgement. "
"Whoever told you to be yourself simply couldn't have given you worse advice."
"At least my parent chose me, yours are stuck with you."
"*you have an impeccable grasp of the obvious*"
"There is nothing you can do that will make me think less of you. "
"I once was called a cabbage "
"You are the human equivalent of a participation award."
"Your sister is ugly. "
"*Villian, I have done thy mother.* "
"You're an assault on the senses."
"Very versatile, rollercoaster of emotions."
"Your grades say marry rich, but your face says study harder."
"Go make yourself a sibling"
"Well, bless your heart."
"i know you are but what am i"
"(⌐■_■) "
"It's better for people to think you're an idiot than open your mouth and prove them right"
"You are two letters short of an asset."
"I wouldn't follow you out of a burning building."
"I know 5 fat people and you're 3 of them"
"I hope you step in a puddle of water. With socks on."
"The best part of you dripped down your mother's leg."
"I hope that both sides of your pillow are warm when you go to bed tonight."
"May your bum be itchy and your arms be short."
"If your vagina had a password, it would be password"
"You are why your mother is pro choice."
"Your soul is weak. "
"Don't listen to what everyone says about you, you're alright"
"you should find the tree that is producing the oxygen that allows you to live and apologize to it."
"Thank you. We're all refreshed and challenged by your unique point of view."
"I don’t know what your problem is, but I bet it’s hard to pronounce."
"Now I know why people talk about you behind your back."
"You great supine protoplasmic invertibrate jellies - Boris Johnson "
"Don't worry about me, worry about your eyebrows."
"You look so great I didn't even recognize you!"
"Out of 100,000 sperm, you were really the fastest?"
"Brown Booby"
"If you had Brains you would be dangerous"
"Your mother was a snowblower!"
"I'd rather have sexual intercourse with a tree."
"I am sure you did your best."
"If I were you I would rather be me."
"you've forgotten the face of your father."
"Stop hogging all of the chromosomes"
"You are the human equivalent of a flaccid penis."
"Did your mother have any kids that made it?"
"Look, I can explain it to you, but I can't understand it for you."
"First of all, brush your teeth"
"I'd like to see something from your point of view, but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass."
"I hope your asshole grows taste buds."
"You're about as useful as an ashtray on a motorcycle "
"Why don't you let that cut under your nose heal?"
"I expected nothing from you, and I'm still disappointed."
"Do I come down to where you work and knock the dick out of your mouth?  No?  Then don't tell me how to do *my* job."
"Somewhere out there there is a tree, tirelessly producing oxygen so you can breathe. I think you owe it an apology."
"You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard. "
"You look like a chicken, why should we listen to you?"
"If I had a gun with two bullets and I was in a room with Hitler, Bin Laden, and you, I would shoot you twice."
"Your gene pool could use some chlorine in it. "
"Shut up, bird!"
"Shut up, squirrel!"
"I fucked your dad"
"I thought you went to internet to search for your dad's name"
"I'd call you a magikarp but magikarp has potential "
"you cant go wrong with a good solid Cunt "
"You look like a day stripper."
"Rude crude bag of pre chewed food dude"
"I'd agree with you, but then we'd both be stupid."
"I hope your timekeeping falters and you arrive late to an important appointment"
"I hope you marry your mother"
"There are ten million million million million million million million million million particles in the universe that we can observe. Your mama took the ugly ones and put them into one nerd"
"I feel bad for you"
"I dont think about at all"
"Your girlfriend looks like my mom"
"You know what your mouth and your mother's vagina have in common? They're both holes nothing but mistakes come out of."
"turn your fucking brain on"
"You coward"
"I've been called worse by better people "
"Bless your heart"
"Tell your wife and my kids I say hi."
"You uncultured swine!"
"You're so ugly your portraits hang themselves"
"You know, I really do worry about you sometimes."
"Your shoes are weird."
"Get out of my face, you failed pull-out "
"Son, I am your dad"
"People tolerate you."
"Einstein was right. Only one thing is infinite"
"You're a waste of your mothers love."
"You are projecting so hard, if we point you at a wall it shows a list of your insecurities "
"Everyone who loves you is wrong or your birth certificate is an apology letter from the abortion clinic"
"You're about as useful as Captain Hook at a gynecologists convention. "
"I've seen a plant with a higher IQ than you"
"-Don't you threaten me with a good time"
"Did your parents have any children that lived?"
"Are your parents related? "
"You are dumber than a block of tree and not nearly as useful."
"You look like a before picture."
"See ya later"
"Ever try to suck-start a shotgun?"
"Someday you'll make a great single mom"
"I've flushed goldfish down the toilet that were smarter than you. "
"May you grow like an onion with your head in the ground."
"Oh yeah! I remember, and then we found out that nobody cared! "
"There are two types of people in the world. People that other people enjoy the company of, and you."
"I just shake my fist at people. "
"Son of a nutcracker!"
"You don't deserve working headphones!"
"May your son grow up to be a doctor, and you his first patient"
"My dad can make your dad his girlfriend "
"Suck iiiiiiittttt."
"You're the reason we don't have Unicorns"
"I hope you sit on a wet toilet seat."
"Son of a biscuit eater "
"Buttface!"
"Honestly, I'm just not that invested in you."
"Ya silly sausage"
"chicken licker"
"I strongly dislike you and everything you stand for"
"You are more useless than red lights on GTA."
"Youre so bad at cooking you could burn water in a freezer."
"I call people gosh dang zooboomafu when they make stupid mistakes."
"buttmunch"
"Fuck you you fuckin fuck"
"Please take a shower."
"Unwashed socks!"
"You're a Sillyface!"
"You're analog "
"You are the reason packets of peanuts say may contain nuts"
"Your mom goes to college."
"If I had a nickel for every good thing that comes out of your mouth, I'd be in debt 5 grand."
"You have the creativity of a sloth"
"I think you ate the wrong pill today morning"
"It's not a lie if you believe it"
"I believe you"
"Are you having a bad day?"
"They said you aren't fit to eat with the animals. But I defended you: I said you were"
"I agree with you, gentleman"
"Good to hear you got something"
"I have nine inches for you"
"I hope your children are born naked and illiterate!"
"The only reason someone would fuck you is that they were too lazy to masturbate"
"The thing standing in the way of your dreams is that the person having them is you"
"I'm sorry for talking while you're interrupting. Please, you go first."
"Not too many people like you, do they?"
"Say hello to your wife and my children."
"cries"
"You look fat when you cry."
"You'd look nice in pieces"
"Shut up, Manuela, we all know you take it in the ass!"
"move thy ass, peasant!"
"Somebody got up on the wrong side of the bell curve today."
"Seems like you've got enough cunt to go around."
"Don't be such an Antarctican't"
"The toilet store called... they're running out of YOU."
"Your wife is in a coma because i nailed her so bad"
"I think I ate your chocolate squirrel."
"Why don't you go outside and play hide and go fuck yourself"
"someone needs to slap the trailer out of you"
"Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? .....cause it looks like you landed on your face"
"Don't be an asshole all your life mate. Take a day off!"
"You swallow."
"Did you train to be such a wankfart or does it just come naturally?"
"You fill a much needed void"
"Go climb a wall of dicks, mouth first."
"War doesnt show who is right, but only who is left."
"Your mother's breasts sag with such severity that the late, great surrealist artist Salvador Dali mistook them for clocks"
"Yo momma's so fat, the probability of her being in an arbitrary point in a room is 1."
"Your mama's so fat her patronus is a cake."
"I used to fuck guys like you in prison"
"You ain't gonna shit right for a week"
"You'll be farting vasoline for days"
"You're more suspicious than a nun doing squats in a cucumber field."
"Look at that man, he's got feminine hips!"
"You're the byproduct of too much tequila and a gas station condom."
"My highschool baseball coach asked me if i was conceived in the ass."
"Go count your dick!"
"Your girlfriend looks like Bob Marley's nutsack"
"You ride a horse rather less well than another horse would."
"Cock juggling thundercunt"
"You look like something that came out of a slow cooker!"
"chicken nugget butt fighter."
"Boy, you smell like hot dog water"
"I hope Santa brings you a book of manners."
"You're a silly little boy, and you'll never go to space."
"The only thing your Dad lifts is a bottle."
"Yo momma so dumb, she plays Counterstrike with a steering wheel!"
"sugar retarded"
"grow some tits!"
"I could've been your dad but the dog beat me climbing the stairs".
“WELL YOUR TITS ARE GAY”
"Michael and Pichael are good friends"
“I really hate your Mom.”
"You suck dick for beer money, and you don't even drink"
"you are a butthole without a heart"
“Yeah! Your sad life is hilarious!”
"Suck my recently dropped nuts" 
" Adolf Titler"
"Ahoy,Captain Skinny-Dick"
"Ass cactus."
"You mad round eye? Korea numba ONE!"
"People like talking to you at parties because the music drowns out your personality."
"You sound like you eat cigarettes"
"i bet you look like you were drawn with my left hand"
"What colour is your wheelchair?"
"I am gonna smell your nipple hair so much you cry"
"your brain can easily be emulated on my casio calculator"
"Some guy said I sound like my bed smells"
"Long titty no nipple bitch"
"Even the dead people hate you"
"You are an absolute walnut"
"Why don't you just go get pregnant because you can't disappoint me anymore than you already have."
"Your urine hitting water sounds feminine."
"The sound of your piss hitting the urinal, it sounds feminine".
"I wanted to be you for Halloween but I couldn't get 7 cocks in my mouth."
"You have small tits for a fat girl."
"That’s your mom. Your mom does that."
"You're the reason your dad drinks"
"I've met some pricks in my time, but you're a fucking cactus."
"How appropriate! You fight like a cow!"
"The smartest thing to come out of your mouth was my dick".
"Maybe for Christmas, Santa will bring you a second braincell"
"Were your parents related, like, before they were married?"
"Looking to ruin someone's day?"
"No, you're a fucking inanimate object!"
"If the human body is 75% water, how can you be 100% salt?"
" I will trade you threes seige minions for our Nasus"
"'Ur dad's 'ur uncle, mate."
"I'll unthink you"
"Okay, you stay fat!"
"You see that door! I want you on the other side of that door!"
"YOU - ARE - A - TOY!!"
"Eat bean soup!"
"I hope gummy bears pee in your hair."
"I guess your wife had a pair of cact thighs."
"What's up, Malfoy?"
"Your uncle seems like a neat guy."
"Your momma is so ugly, even her didlo needs viagra."
"You are proof that coat hangers break."
"Your eyes are the color of pond scum."
"If your eyes were any further apart, you'd be a herbivore"
"I literally had zero expectations of you and you still managed to dissapoint me"
"You're the reason people pull out"
"Don't use all your vocabulary in one sentence"
"You are the human version of Internet Explorer."
"You're the poster child for Planned Parenthood."
"She takes the warm and fuzzy out of the word cunt"
"Your mam's got cake." 
"You're mean! You're meaner than John Travolta!"
"Chronicles of the lost chromosomes"
"In 1866 Liechtenstein sent out an army of 80 men to participate in the Austro-Prussian War. They came back with 81 men, suffering no casualties and having made one friend along the way."
"Some Egyptian pharaohs had a court physician with the title Shepherd of the Royal Anus who had the sole job of keeping the royal butthole healthy."
"The giant tortoises taken from the Galapagos Islands never reached their destination because the crew ate them."
"Thomas Jefferson, writer of the Declaration of Independence, 3rd president of the United States, and founding father, broke his wrist trying to jump over a fence in Paris to impress a girl."
"Do different cities have different stripper culture?"
"In 7th grade, on a district wide field trip to an aquarium, I mixed up 'tentacles' and 'testicles'."
"the commander said...'They couldn't hit an elephant from this distance.' Then he got shot."
"( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
"I used to do drugs. I still do, but I used to too."
"Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like?"
"The next sentence is false. The next sentence is true. Both previous sentences were false."
"You lied to me by telling me the truth.."
"They don't think it be like it is, but it do."
"I'm pregnant."
"Banana times man. Dumb bunny tits for sure."
"Sometimes, potato."
"Just donate enough purple monkey dish water"
"Your chi flows through your butthole"
"Kevin, go change your diapers!"
"You jerk off to pollinating bees"
"Nerd"
"You'll feel much better once you've given up hope."
"Chicken Little was right about you"
"You are confused, but this is your normal state"
"Are you a politician?"
"Too much weed will result in diarrhea"
"You are adopted. Your foster parents found you in a pile of shit"
"Hello Hagrid"
"Homie what the fuck?"
"You will wish you hadn't."
"Most dangerous space in this universe is the space between your ears"
"Fine day to work off excess energy.  Steal something heavy."
"Just head north and never come back"
"Your crotch still looks like applesauce"
"Careful man, irony's a slippery slope"
"Yo bro, come at me dawg, sup bro!?"
"Do I get an award for listening to you?"
"How about you go fuck yourself?"
"You learnt to wank from wikipedia"
"Good luck with your herpes"
"Do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight."
"Do something unusual today.  Pay a bill."
"Do something unusual today. Take a bath."
"Never be led astray onto the path of virtue."
"You're ugly and your mother dresses you funny."
"Excellent day to have a rotten day."
"You are wise, witty, and wonderful, but you spend too much time reading this sort of trash."
"You get along very well with everyone except animals and people."
"It was all so different before everything changed."
"Excellent day for putting Slinkies on an escalator."
"This will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget it."
"Coconut fucker"
"Get in dat ass"
"May you run out of toilet paper"
"Ok... then what happened?"
"Bendover"
"Breakfast and poo"
"How do the dogs like that?"
"You knew what you signed up for"
"I think we own a cat now"
"Speaking of painting, are you working on anything?"
"pube bandit"
"eat shit"
"If you ban everyone u don't need moderators"
"Just get a lot of animals. Tada! Zookeeper."
"thats pretty much shit"
"Yo Mama's fat ass"
"I hope you realize everyone's just putting up with you."
"The only person who is willing to fuck you is too lazy to jack off."
"I can understand why your parents abused you"
"But I can't understand why they molested you..."
"Your father should have pulled out and shot you on the wall!"
"Go ski into a cunt"
"Try not to suck any dicks on the way to the parking lot!"
"Stop crying, you look so fucking fat when you cry."
"Awe, hey now don't cry, your makeup will run and then you will be sad and ugly"
"You're turning out like your father"
"If I was locked in a room with Bin Laden, Hitler, and you, and had a gun with only 2 bullets, I'd shoot you twice"
"Of all the idiots, in all the idiot villages, in all the idiot worlds. You stand alone."
"I hate... so much... about the way you choose to be"
"Filthy casual."
"You could die tomorrow, and no one would care."
"Oh yeah? Well you could die tomorrow, and everyone would celebrate"
"You jive turkey"
"See dude, this is why no one likes you."
"Kikey Mc*iggerfaggot"
"You aren't worth the amount of money it would have cost to abort you."
"You look like your face was on fire and somebody tried to put it out with a brick"
"With a face like yours, I’d be careful who and what I make fun of"
"Alright, give me your phone number and Ill call you when I give a shit"
"you're an inspiration for birth control"
"you are an inspiration for free marketing for condom companies"
"Is your head up your ass for the warmth?"
"What's the difference between 2 dicks and a joke? You can't take a joke."
"Save your breath, you'll need to to blow up your girlfriend later"
"Why don’t you go outside and play a game of hide-and-go-fuck-yourself."
" I can't buy a pack of smokes without running into nine guys you've fucked." 
"You are weapons grade stupid"
"I fart in your general direction. I wave my private parts at your aunties....Now go away or I shall taunt you a second time."
"The only constant factor of all your failed relationships is: you."
"I don't know what makes you so stupid but it's working."
"What do you use for a contraceptive, your personality?"
"The moment you were being born, did someone passing by say 'Hey look, there's a cunt coming out of that cunt's cunt'."
"there is a village somewhere missing its idiot"
"You're a poopy head"
"Its all batshit"
"Rectum derived"
"You are a big fan of looking like an idiot"
"Its an honour to meet someone who has humped more sheep than I have"
"Yawning at the top of my lungs"
"May the loneliness be with you"
"They hate us cause they anus."
"Its a lion people! it will attack... its in their human nature"
"I would say you have an extra chromosome but you probably ate them."
"The only thing weak is your self control over food."
"Just think about how unfair life is that some animal had to die to feed your lard ass. There truly is no god."
"Just tell your best friend that you're in love with them. Get the rejection over."
"You actually cry over spilt milk"
"You've never been invited to anything."
"The only thing that's weak is your fathers pull out game"
"That dog whistle around your neck ,must be the only way you get any loving."
"You have the hairline of a 60 year old male math teacher"
"Eat Shit. 100 billion flies can't be wrong."
"Now take her to prom"
"If you avoid saying things like "titballs" to her, you'll be fine."
"You Will Be Loved"
"And then everyone clapped"
"Your parents had way too much sex."
"You may never know if you've gone insane."
"You're so awkward. No wonder nobody likes you."
"You're easily forgotten"
"You're my backup friend."
"No one likes you. That's why I lied about my party so you didn't come."
"And now you're nothing to me"
"Stop being a crybaby and go away."
"You're kind of boring."
"You should have tried harder"
"your father is a good man."
"Your mouth looks so ugly when you smile"
"You are overqualified to be an idiot"
"African booty scratcher"
"You're lucky there are people willing to put up with you."
"Hey Ryan, super hilarious comment."
"👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good shit go౦ԁ sHit👌 thats ✔ some good👌👌shit right👌👌th 👌 ere👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my selｆ 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠＯOOＯOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good shit"
"Hey Ryan! You are so funny!"
"Good luck with that."
"I believe you"
"Sorry, I don't speak English."
"Hey, man! Want a free massage?"
"Did the middle of my sentence interrupt the beginning of yours?"
"Yes dear"
"the struggle is real"
"what a sharp observation!"
"well since you raised your voice you MUST be right!"
"This is such good news!"
"Nice, I love it."
"OUTSTANDING!"
"Cool story, bro."
"Oh yeah - I just read about that in 'I Don't Give a Fuck' Quarterly."
"...Yeah....why don't you go ahead and email me the rest of that story..."
"I remember my first beer"
"ok"
"I'm whatever you want me to be".
"Have a wonderful day sir."
"Ze Frank said that sex without love is just a very complicated form of masturbation."
"Rolls eyes "Yeah, keep rolling your eyes, maybe you'll find a brain back there.""
"Well that went down like a rat sandwich"
"I want to be just like you when I never grow up"
"affirmative"
"We meet again, Mr. Bleached Asshole."
"a gorilla who ejaculates ferraris"
"You are about as useful as a condom machine in the vatican"
"I would, but I have standards."
"BRRRRT shkshkshk WWUUUUH WUUUUH bum bum bum GLAAAAAAAAAA WUB WUB WUB WUB"
"well butter my buns and call me a biscuit!"
"rustle my jimmies"
"Kidney stones merged."
"Alaskan Bull Worm"
"Wasp under eyelid."
"You're HIV Aladeen."
"We should talk."
"count the shadows"
"Must make meth"
"YEAH BITCH! MAGNETS!"
"Nuclear Launch Detected"
"is it in?"
"Spiders in urethra"
"Dude it's okay"
"I knew it."
"Yer a wizard"
"I want you."
"faahmboy... fetch me that pot."
"thundernuts"
"Some Uncontrollable Drunk Slob."
"One Shot Man"
"Cletus the Fetus"
"Boo boo kitty fuck."
"wombat penis"
"Half Sack"
"If you live to be 100 years old I would want to be 100 minus a day so I never have to live a day without you"
"It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees"
"Mother... You're alive!"
"We will drain every last ounce of your blood, even if it kills you."
"Chris Brown: And she accidentally slip and fall on my dick/ Oops I said on my dick/ I ain't really mean to say on my dick/ But since we talking about my dick/ All of you haters say hi to it"
"I don't give a bread"
"Yahhh, bitch, yahhh! -Soulja Boy"
"Don't fuck with Wayne because when it Waynes, it pours"
"Never let me slip, cause if I slip, then I'm slippin'... - Dr. Dre"
"Breathe in, breathe out."
"I'm just a shy guy looking for a two-ply Hefty bag to hold my-y-y-y-y-y-y love. "
"my heart is bound to beat right out my untrimmed chest" 
"I don't need the G's or the car keys boys I like you just the way you are."
"Drivin' so fast bout to piss on myself - Miley"
"Swag, swag, swag on you. Chillin' by the fire while we eatin' fondue - Justin Bieber"
"When you take a sip you buzz like a hornet Billy Shakespeare wrote a whole bunch of sonnets. - LFO Summer Girls"
"I'm the shit, call the plumber - Tyga - Get Loose"
"Back's to the wall, I’m stacking up all them odds, toilet's clogged Yeah ‘cause I’m talking a lot of shit but I’m backing it all up. - Eminem"
"Only time will tell if we stand the test of time. - Van Halen"
"Freeze-dried Romans"
"Had a phone in jail, that's a cell phone. YEAH!"
"Stick my dick in the circle but I ain't fuckin' around. - Eminem"
"Put my ex in a box call that xbox"
"Pickup Dora on the corna call that whora the explora"
"Give birth on the stairs call that step child"
"Throw kittens out the window call that cat litter"
"Eating jelly while driving call that traffic jam"
"Cross the street while wearing J's call that jaywalking"
"Take a picture of a spider call that webcam"
"Got my gramma on speed dial call that Instagram"
"Hit Dora with a pan call that pandora"
"Bawitdaba, da bang, da dang diggy diggy, diggy, said the boogie, said up jump the boogie. - Kid Rock"
"Swagger tighter than a yeast infection,/ Fly go hard like geese erection."
"Suck my fuck"
"Everything is good till it goes bad"
"Til the sweat drips down my balls."
"You ain't cuz you not"
"I'll treat you like milk, I'll do nothing but spoil you. - Lil Flip"
"Bitch I'm counting, yeah im money countin. I ain't gotta count it, got a money counter"
"B****, real G's move in silence like lasagna--Lil' Wayne"
"Gotta get down to the bus stop/ Gotta catch my bus, I see my friends (My friends)"
"And I just drop some new merch and it's selling like a god church."
"All my bitches come in pairs like balls in my nutsack"
"Walked in the kitchen. Yams everywhere."
"SO GANGSTER I'M SO THUG"
"Your lipstick stains on the front lobe of my left-side brains"
"White walls on the wheels like mayonnaise"
"Water, fire, air, and dirt. Fucking magnets, how do they work? And I don't want to talk to a scientist, Y'all motherfuckers lying, and getting me pissed - ICP"
"baby you the whole package, plus you pay your taxes"
"But he gotta eat the booty like groceries."
"I haven't had sex since the last time we had sex. - Rare Treat - Mornin Dew"
"You know the truth is true - Miley Cyrus"
"Baby, bring three friends so we can have a foursome. - Waka Flocka"
"You know we were meant girl, me and you / But lately you been acting like I smell like a zoo... Joey Lawrence - Nothin' My Love Can't Fix"
"I'mma go to Starbucks, in the mornin' for some coffee If it ain't a girl there, I won't buy no damn coffee. - Lil B"
"I'm so bored that I'd be entertained/ Even by a stupid floor/ Linoleum floor, linoleum floor/ Your lyrics are dumb like a linoleum floor"
"Can you imagine no love, pride, deep-fried chicken? - Drops of Jupiter by Train"
"I whip my hair back and forth."
"My stove deserve a shoutout i'm like whaddup stove. My wrist deserve a shoutout i'm like whaddup wrist."
"Dick so hard , make the metal detector go off"
"Mother Superior jump the gun"
"I got blood on my dick cuz I fucked a corpse. - The poet DMX"
"Build a man a fire, warm him for a day. Set a man on fire, warm him for the rest of his life."
"mind molester"
"You're currently the oldest you've ever been, and the youngest you'll ever be again."
"I don't tell you how to tell me what to do, so don't you tell me how to do what you tell me to do." 
"Forgive others, not because they deserve forgiveness, but because you deserve peace."
"Go hang a salami I'm a lasagna hog."
"That is a sequence of words..."
"The brain is most important organ... according to the brain."
"No one goes there nowadays, it’s too crowded. - Yogi Berra"
"why do you think that?"
"Truly blind people don't see black or darkness, they don't see"
"when the dick is hard, the mind is soft"
"Some people can't see the forrest, because trees are blocking the view"
"Don't piss in my pocket and tell me it's raining."
"It’s chilly on the Willy and it’s cold on the hole, So put my hand on your diddy and we go for a stroll."
"Go suck Jar Jar’s long slimy pork sword you steaming sentient bantha poodoo. Also fuck you"
"Nice try, Stephen from 8th grade. Your reign of terror has already come to an end."
"People are so disgusted by you, they're actually hiring me to bully you so they won't have to be near you."
"Senpai will never notice you."
"One day, your children are going to watch you get buried *Licks knife* "
"Nothing will ever work"
"You do talk too much."
"Your mother's a nice lady!"
"don't feel bad, it's the best you can do" 
" but you still got served"
"He's about as sharp as a marble."
"Your brain cell must be lonely"
"I bet you've never rolled a condom down far enough to see the barcode"
"You are a walking advertisement for condoms."
"your trecherous head is not safe on your shoulders"
"mistakes were made when you were concieved"
"You’re not sapien,you’re only a homo"
"gonna cry?"
"What's the difference between you and a brick? The brick gets laid"
"I can't understand you with that dick in your mouth."
"Im so glad your dad beat you instead of cancer."
"Your mom has seen more black cock than a KFC urinal."
"May all your dairy products be of questionable vintage"
"It would be easier for me to count your brain cells than your rolls of fat."
"inconsiderate shitlark."
"Half animated abortion"
"I'll fuck your ass up so hard that you'll have to unbutton your collar to shit"
"The sound of your urine hitting the urinal is quite feminine"
"I'd rather hear gunshots coming from my parents' room than hear you speak again."
"Son of a cross-eyed donkey fucker." 
"I bet you know what paint chips taste like." 
"I bet your mom is an advocate for late term abortion now"
"Your mother prayed for a miscarriage."
"you chicken fried fuck"
"you sandy bathing suit"
"you neon croc"
"you cup of cold creamerless coffee"
"you fucking sea cucumber"
"you squishy brown end"
"you dirty sock"
"you chunky carton of milk"
"you saggy armpit"
"you pisscouch"
"you unnecessary stock footage"
"you crap coated mailbox flag"
"you absolute fucking walnut"
"you fucking muppet"
"you stale pretzel"
"you white crayon"
"you desk lamp"
"you mouldy bread"
"you pie eating dick biscuit"
"you pompous boner nazi"
"you slimy ass goblin"
"you herpes infested douche canoe"
"you fucking monday"
"you dick bitch"
"you wobbly chair leg"
"you left handed drawing"
"you spongy rump fed foot licker"
"you screeching alarm clock"
"you armpit sweat stain"
"you turd coated asshat"
"you cock juggling thundercunt"
"you coatless eskimo"
"you wrinkles pair of capris"
"you expired bitch"
"you ashy layer of epidermis"
"you sugarless bar of chocolate"
"you mother fucking donkey snout"
"you useless fungal infection"
"you diarrhoea apocalypse"
"you petulant ocean of cum"
"Your brain is perfectly smooth."
"Hey Ryan! You look great!"
"Good luck with that."
"you have fun with that"
"the struggle is real"
"hey buddy, good for you."
"well since you raised your voice you MUST be right!"
"yup, that was worth it."
"what a sharp observation!"
"Really like the sharp observation one."
"This is such good news!"
"Cool story, bro."
"I remember my first beer"
"Well that's five seconds of my life down the drain."
"More than anything I just want this moment to end."
"Go fuck Mrs. Hudson"
"yeah, right..."
"Well shake my pelvis and call me Elvis, we're about to have a good time."
"I want to be just like you when I never grow up"
"punch you in your motherfuckin face like Spongebob"
"Last I heard, y'all cowards was havin sex, with the same sex, I show no love to homo thugs"
"Pants on the ground, pants on the ground, lookin like a foo' with your pants on the ground!"
"Hey fat girl, come here are you ticklish?"
"And I can't shove my fist in your childhood dreams..."
"And I can't put my penis in your college degree..."
"You can call me dirty, and then lift up your skirt, and you want some of this dirty, god made dirt and dirt bust yo ass"
"I'm gonna sew your asshole shut and keep feedin you, and feedin you, and feedin you, and feedin you"
"Go to a vagina orchard, count 1-2-3, spin that plant around, and you've got a third world country"
"Guns don't kill people, rappers do!"
"Make ya wear a brillo pad as a tampon, and do the running-man 'til the cervical cancer is gone."
"Fuck your Honda Civic, I've a horse outside!"
"I stay high like giraffe pussy"
“now watch me go retarded, yellow short bus”
"Your momma's a true beauty, butt makes me weep I call it a boo-hooty" 
"Get mo ass than a toilet seat"
"Sent yo bitch a dick pic and she had to get glasses"
"This bitch don’t know ‘bout Pangea..."
"Hold your breath till it's gone, drink a gallon of mace, be gay in Iran, let Oprah sit on your face."
"I wish I was blind so i didn't have to hear your crap"
"ur a stupid cup of coffee! u made bro? u made?"
"so, you're calling me a condom?"
"Are you stupid or do you traffic mayonnaise"
"Pull the foreskin down so you can see, dickhead"
"Yeah? You wanna fuck?!"
"I will ENTER you!"
"man i fuck guys bigger than you!"
"If you gave him an enema, you could bury him in a matchbox".
"If the Catholic Church saw you, they would start promoting abortions." 
"Boy, you got more excuses than a pregnant Nun".
"Who was your mother shagging when she was supposed to be teaching you manners?"
"I have furniture older than your country."
"Your portraits are so ugly they hang themselves."
"You're supposed to be dumpster diving for ham scraps, you six piece Chicken McNobody!"
"Control your vagina goblins!"
"diglett ass motherfucker".
"You reprehensible spamfaced toolbag."
"Face like a rushed omelette, teeth like a burnt fence."
"I believe you think that."
"You try so hard."
"Aren't you just the top of the bell curve..."
"The pleasure is all yours"
"Oh Honey..."
"Sorry you feel that way".
"That extra weight looks good on you."
"I'm sorry you're so unhappy"
"How is the view like on top of the bell curve?"
"You've got a lot of potential, and you always will!"
"Beautiful! Your face is so symmetrical, like a Picasso painting!"
"You should have been born in the Dark Ages; you look terrible in the light!"
"Brains aren’t everything. In fact in your case they’re nothing."
"If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world."
"Isn't that interesting"

